* RubyNEAT -- Neural Evolution of Augmenting Topologies

[[https://gitter.im/flajann2/rubyneat?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge][[[https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg]]]]

For the latest docs, please see http://rubyneat.de

RubyNEAT is under intense development, and then will be under intense
documentation, as this is expected to be a full blown pure Ruby
implementation of the NEAT algorithm by Kenneth Stanley:

http://www.cs.ucf.edu/~kstanley/

** Gem Version

** Quick and Dirty Docs

There is an (extreme) alpha RubyGEM. Just do:

gem install rubyneat --pre

Then type:

neat

to see the list of commands. The workflow aspect of Rails is loosely
mirrored here.

To generate a new NEAT project, type:

neat new PROJECTNAME

and a project directory will be created. Cd into that directory, and
type:

neat generate neater NEATERNAME

and a scaffold Neater will be generated. Note that this generator is
still in alpha, but improvements are coming shortly.

** Examples

For some examples, clone or fork the following:

https://github.com/flajann2/rubyneat\_examples

Feel free to add your own and do pull requests so that we can have more
examples of using RubyNEAT.

** Also Note

For now, see

https://github.com/flajann2/rubyneat

for the Github version, and this will probably be the better option
until this gets out of alpha. There are a couple of example Neaters
there (one of which is still in development). Basic, but will be a good
example of how to implement your own Neater. Eventually all will be
fully documented.

** Release Notes

-  =0.5.3=
  We have a branch / version issue in the 0 major,
  and will have to be sorted. Some of the examples
  may be broken. We will address this shortly.

-  =0.5.0=

Activated elitism, fixed a few mating issues.

-  =0.3.5.alpha.7=

   Console made functional.

-  =0.4.0.alpha.0=

   Added a pop parameter to the report hook function. All example code
   in rubyneat\_examples updated. You will need to add the additional
   parameter to your Neaters on your report hooks.

   Also, added stronger support for plugins. In particular, an
   attr\_neat attribute processor was added to NeatOb, to support
   default settings as well as hooks. Now, all plugins need to do is to
   hook into these hook functions to get notifications.

** Copyright Notice

This code is released under the MIT license:

Copyright (c) 2014 LRCSoft.com

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
